Reworked net attribute retrieval (#26)
SymbiFlow/python-symbiflow-v2x: tests/net_attr/README.md

> # Test for multiple occurrence of the same numerical net id in the "netnames" list.

Reviewer: This should be an `rst` file.

Author: Ok, changed markdown to rst.

> When connecting a singal through multiple wires Yosys assigns name of each of them to the same net id. Such a case triggered a bug in V2X causing it to crash. This test verifies that the reworked handling of "netnames" in V2X behaves properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting a signal through multiple wires Yosys assigns name of each of them to the same net id. This test verifies that the correct netname is generated in this case.
```

Author: Fixed typo.
